Open the file
Go to HW4 - and open the project file(HW4)
If the files didn't load in the project.
Right click on "Source Files" to the right in the Solution Explorer.
Add the main.cpp in the source files by choosing "Add Existing File."
Add all the .h files in the header file by doing the same you did for main.cpp.
The files are:
Aquariuz.h
Dragon_Turtle.h
Enemy.h
Garm.h
Hero.h
Shane.h
Wiingy.h

After all of them, press control+F5 to run.
Follow the instructions and read the story.
First, write down your name or the name you want your character to have.
The story will unfold.
When you have your turn up, you will get 5 options.
By pressing 1, 2, 3, 4, or 5.
1 is your normal attack. It has a 30% chance of critical hit. It will deal more damage if your health is low and it will heal you.
2 is your shield. It will reduce the damage by 100%.
3 is your special attack, the fireball which you only have 10 casts.
4 is your potions, you only have 6.
5 is the exit button. If you click it you will exit the game.

-------------------BUGS---------------------------
You can use heal forever. Not sure why potion keeps going even after 6 uses. There is no code to run potions if the number of potions is less than 0
This problem doesn't appear on fireballs.
The numbers some times go negative, as in you dealt -28 damage. This is caused by the enemy healing and the player not dealing enough damage. It meant the the enemy
used his heal, it can be huge, and your damage wasn't high enough.
-------------------LORE---------------------------

You are reading a book about how people used to dissapear and when they came back they became new people.
Suddenly you are dragged into another world.
The king is infront of you and he talks to you and tells you that you are a hero.
Sadly you aren't the hero they expected.
The person who summoned you ran away from the town and now you have to find him to get him to send you back.
The king gives you a sword, armor, a shield, 10 fireball flasks and 6 potions.
You go to a mountain that you think Garm resides.
At the entrance you see a thunder and see a wounded person.
This is a legendary god called Aquariuz. He possess a hammer.
He is full in adrenaline and will fight anyone. He is also blocking the way into the mountain.
His attacks are so loud that it could be hear inside the cave.
After defeating it you go into the mountain cave and find Shane.
Shane is Garm's right hand and he thinks you are an intruder so he fights you.
He is deaf because of the sound from the last fight. 
After defeating Shane you walk to the top of the mountain where you find Garm.
You ask him to send you back but he says that it's too late.
He seems to be killing himself every time he attacks.
After defeating him he will scream "Aloha Snackbar"(it's a joke) and explode.
The mountain starts to move and you notice that the mountain is actually a dragon turtle.
The turtle notices you and tries to shake you off.
After defeating a huge monster you find out that another being is behind all of this. Wiingy.
A fairy.
After defeating her you go back to the town with the remains of Wiingy and some of garm's.
The town knows what he did because of the dragon turtle.
You have to decide to stay in this world and live your life as a hero or go back home.
Sadly I am not writing any story for it... just imaging a nice life in one of the two worlds.